Docs 1.0 refactor rs (#89)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/get-started/deploy-a-model/cv-object-detection.mdx

# Deploy an Object Detection Model

> This page will walk through an example of deploying an object detection model with DeepSparse Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page walks through an example of deploying an object detection model with DeepSparse Server.
```

> The DeepSparse Server is a sever wrapper around `Pipelines`, including the object detection pipeline. As such, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse Server is a server wrapper around `Pipelines`, including the object detection pipeline. As such, 
```

the server provides and HTTP interface that accepts images and image files as inputs and outputs the labeled predictions.

> With all of this built on top of the DeepSparse Engine, the simplicity of servable pipelines is combined with GPU class performance on CPUs for sparse models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With all of this built on top of the DeepSparse Engine, the simplicity of servable pipelines is combined with GPU-class performance on CPUs for sparse models.
```

## Start the Server

Before starting the server, the model must be set up in the format expected for DeepSparse `Pipelines`.
See an example of how to setup `Pipelines` in the [Try a Model](../../try-a-model) section.

> Once the `Pipelines` are setup, the `deepsparse.server` command launches a server with the model at `--model_path` inside. The `model_path` can either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `Pipelines` are set up, the `deepsparse.server` command launches a server with the model at `--model_path` inside. The `model_path` can either
```
